# All source code should be inside src folder.

# React doesn't have any opinion regarding folder structures. Developer can do according to his needs.
Generally
    src 
        header
            Logo
            Home
            About
        Body
            Content
        Footer
            CopyRight
            Address
            Contact
    Above structure is based on feature. You can do any strcuture.

# Generally give name of file of component Header.js or Header.jsx . Both are same.

# Any hardcoded data should be inside utils -> constant.ts

# 
In one file, we can have only one default export
export default Header;
import Header from './Header';   // we can give any name because it is default export


Named export
export const Header = ()=> {}
import {Header} from './Header'


# Give styles in jsx
export const Header = () => {
    return <div className="header" style={{backgroundColor: 'red'}}>
        <Logo></Logo>
        <Navbar></Navbar>
    </div>
}

# React is efficient in DOM manipulation

# React hook is normal js function given to us by react. That function has some superpower.

export const ProductContainer = () => {
    return (
        <div className="body">
            <Filter></Filter>
            <div className="products-list">
                {
                    productsList.map(product => <Product  key={product.id} productData={product}/>)
                }
            </div>
        </div>
    )
}

if we filter or modify productsList on some action like action but UI dont change update productsList because it is normal js variable (list). So we will use react hook to rerender

Two important hook -> 
useState()  - superful state variables in react
useEffect()

# When a state varible updates, react re-render the component

# How to use useSatate
React keeps an eye of state variable 
import { useState } from "react";

const [products, setProduct] = useState(productsList); // productsList is initial value of state variable products
setProduct is a function used to modify state variable products

 <button className="top-rated-product"
        onClick={() => {
            const filteredProduct = products.filter(product => product.rating.rate > 4);
              setProduct(filteredProduct);
            }}
    >
    Top Rated Product
    </button>

Whenever state variable products get changed, react re-render the component;

# React is very efficient in DOM manipulation and DOM manipulation is the most costly operation in web development. Thats why React is very famous.

# Details of Reconciliation or react fibre or Diff Algorithm
The algorithm React uses to diff one tree with another to determine which parts need to be changed.
Finding diff between two js objects are much faster than that of diff between two DOM elements

What is virtual dom ?

We know
React.creatElement('h1', {}, 'I am h1'); // It returns a react element i.e js nested objects

If we we jsx <h1>I am h1 </h1>, behind the scene it changes to React.createElement only are returns a js object.

So these js objects are also known as virtual DOM.

When we update state variable, then React just compare the older DOM and newer DOM using diff algorithm and re-render the component. It actually compares virtual DOM not actual DOM. Thats why React does DOM manipulation very fast and efficiently.












