# Monolith architecture
In monolith architecture, the whole pieces are in one single project like UI, backend, auth, api, db . And we have to build the whole project for a single change in code like only change the color of button. It is very tedious task and annoying. Now today world is moving towards microservices.

# Microservices architecture
We have dedicated service for each job like UI, backend, auth, db, messaging and all talk to each other based on user case. This is called seperation of concerns and single responsibility principles. All team works on their seperate git hub repo. All the services runs on their specific ports and all these ports map to domain name

# There are 2 approaches of calling the api and render the UI
1> Load UI -> call Api -> wait for few ms for getting the data -> render the UI
In this approaches, user suddenly see the blank page and suddenly see the rendered UI. Its not a good user
experience

2> Load UI -> render UI whatever we have -> call api -> re-render Ui
Here, user dont see anything suddenly, no jitterness. It has better user experience. Two times render is ok and react is very good and efficient in rendering the UI. In react , we will follow the 2nd approach.

# To make any api, we must learn useEffect hook first.
import { useState , useEffect} from "react";
 useEffect(() => {
    console.log('I am useEffect');
  }, []);

export const ProductContainer = () => {
  const [products, setProduct] = useState(productsList);
  useEffect(() => {
    console.log('I am useEffect');
  }, []);
  
  return (....) // return JSX

useEffect has two arguments. one is callback function and other is dependency array. Dependency array we will discuss later.

The callback function of useEffect will be called once react render the page 1st time. We can also say, the callback function will be called once react completed all lifeycle hook.

# Shimmer-ui is just resembling of actual UI look and feel. We show the shimmer-ui to the user till the time we get the data from server. It looks very good. Its put a psynchological effect on the use that website or app is not slow.

we can create our own shimmer-ui using html and css

# conditional rendering
when we render based on condition is called conditional rendering

 if(products.length === 0) {
    return <Shimmer></Shimmer>
  } else {
    return <h1> I am heading</h1>
  }

  or 
  return products.length ? <Shimmer></Shimmer> : <h1> I am heading</h1>

# Mainly focus on coding in this episode
